hey hey folks what's happening Jerry
here from android central.com and i'm
getting ready to play a little bit of
contra evolution
hey everyone jerry here from Android
Central and I'm playing a little bit of
contra evolution one of those fun games
from the the old days of yore back when
consoles were the hot big thing this is
not a port this is actually written for
Android and I do want to say this
version this is a press version they
sent out they you know nice enough to
let us have an early look but it uses
market verification so I can't unlock
everything but we'll look at what we can
we'll go here to the mission mode and
I've been playing it and probably have
enough you know experience to have
unlocked these but it doesn't carry over
so we'll have to play with a mad dog
here go ahead and click it there's only
one stage available even though I've
beaten it I can't move on to the next
but like we said it's not fully unlocked
and it tells you as much down here click
OK
and you can see by the thumb smudges
it's a thumb control game and one side
of the screen has you you know you move
you constantly flyer you don't have to
do anything to fire this joystick moves
you and that's how you die this joystick
moves you and games your weapon this one
jumps and that's all there is to it you
just jump don't die kill stuff pretty
much Nick describes contra you fall in
the water you don't die thankfully derp
this game will really be bad for
something like me but we'll run through
I want to try to get you to the end
because I found this little cheat I
don't know well I like to play games I
also love tease just like your layout so
I'm gonna rush through of course you'll
want points you don't wanna it'll do a
little bit better than I am
I do what that this because that's clear
run through okay when you get to the end
of the first stage runs right up on the
Machine and put your keitel aim at
eleven o'clock or at one o'clock and he
says wait
none of the ammunition it shoots can hit
you and it's slow going because
especially I lost my tool guided missile
but it'll blow up the door and I'll be
able to progress through and I won't die
I will probably change this but I'm
gonna enjoy it you know being able to
cheat my way through through the first
stage is always cool it'll tell me that
hey I beat the target score and I've got
two medals there because I've died so
many times I can't go any further
because this game is locked but I'll go
back to the main menu and here it tells
you that it failed the market
verification and that's because the game
isn't quite live yet but we will look at
these options you can turn the music up
and down sound effects you can change
languages from English to several
different versions of Eastern languages
that I don't read so I'm not sure what
they are but they're there that's cool
and of course your controls you can set
them so the virtual joysticks are fixed
at the bottom change it so they are
movable and float or change it to a
virtual d-pad
I like the fixed joysticks so that's
what I'll do for that okay tell me about
market verification again and then
there's about the about screen this will
tell you a little bit about the people
that made it and as we watch that scroll
by I will just say that it's fun it's
think that it really well you know they
did a really good job it's well coated
it runs like a dream here on the new
Nexus 7 and it's nice to see you know
that it's not just the port they
actually rebuilt the game for Android so
it should be available right
now and I'll make sure there's links for
everybody to download it and you all
play it and you can have some fun and in
the meantime I'll talk to you guys later
because I'm out of here
you